Replace application with fleets for More Resources section (#2011)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/more/examples/balenablocks.md

# {{ $names.blocks.lower }} built for {{ $names.cloud.lower }} 

> {{ $names.blocks.lower }} are pre-built container images which fleet developers can add to their multicontainer apps to provide useful functionality. Their aim is to reduce the friction of creating IoT fleets which enables rapid prototyping and development. These intelligent, drop-in chunks of functionality are built to handle the basics, allows you as developers to focus on solving the hard problems. You can read more about {{ $names.blocks.lower }} on our [blog](https://www.balena.io/blog/introducing-balenablocks-jumpstart-your-iot-app-development/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ $names.blocks.lower }} are pre-built container images which developers can add to their multicontainer apps to provide useful functionality. Their aim is to reduce the friction of creating IoT applications which enables rapid prototyping and development. These intelligent, drop-in chunks of functionality are built to handle the basics, allows you as developers to focus on solving the hard problems. You can read more about {{ $names.blocks.lower }} on our [blog](https://www.balena.io/blog/introducing-balenablocks-jumpstart-your-iot-app-development/).
```
